so today what we're going to show you is
steve is going to highlight our smoker
for us we got a brand new smoker and I
think we ought to roll up our sleeves
and get started what I'm ready for let's
do it okay what do we what are we
cooking with today today we're going to
use the smoker for the most part I will
use the camp up in a little later on but
we're going to start out with our smoke
vault here this is the 24 inch version
it's got four racks in there as well as
a drip tray which also put water in
there to keep your meat moist and then
the chip tray down there in the bottom
but today we're not going to use water
are we we're not we're going to use beer
today yeah so what's a liquid liquid and
that's to moisten the meat so and it
gives a different flavor you can use
coca-cola or or any kind of anything
thank ya juice all right so what do I
need to do to help you I think it's it's
simple and easy to get fired up will
preheat it here we've got the propane
turned on you just kind of got to get
the gas run in there and click it a
couple times and it'll get fired up and
going and then from there we'll add some
chips once this this cast-iron chip tray
is heated up lots of tips to it and get
it smoking and we'll be ready to go and
that's as simple as it is it is as
simple as it is it's not hard at all all
right okay what we're going to do now is
we're going to get started and i'm going
to give steve our fish he's going to go
over and rinse them and pat them dry
because you don't want that water on
there because you need them dry so
they'll soak up the marinade what we're
going to do is we're going to make a
very simple marinade but if you wanted
to you could go and get all kinds of
different kinds of rubs they make rubs
they make marinades but you know and
it's it's very expensive to buy smoked
fish it's very inexpensive to do it
yourself and my my inexpensive way is
just to buy any kind of Italian dressing
and you'll see us use that here in just
a minute so what I want to do is we're
going to have some cilantro and it's all
depends on your taste how much lon TRO
you want you like little cilantro a few
bet cilantro is great okay so what we're
going to do is we're going to take off
the stems
wrong knife take off the stems and
discard discard them take the cilantro
and chop it up pretty fine doesn't have
to be real fine because it's going to go
in the marinade but you can buy some oak
salmon or salmon fresh salmon at the
store this recipe can be used for trout
as well or I like salmon that would be
my preference we're using fillets and we
always leave the skin on on one side and
you're ready for them well I'm ready for
them all right we'll stick them in the
bag okay how many would you like in
there are just as many as you got
alrighty now what we're going to do is
once we get the salmon in we bring it
over here to the table we cut the seal
pour the just pour the whole thing in
you can put as many salmon in here as
you want zip it up need it a little bit
and put it in the icebox with this way
we did it in the ziplock bag you know
you get up but to go get something cold
to drink during the night or during the
day you know go in there and just kind
of massage it a little bit they get hat
make it happy so now this is this has
been up in the brine overnight and we're
ready to put it on the trays and get it
in the smoker all right so let's take
out we do a tray in here that's a
seafood jerky rack is what we call them
it's got a finer mesh to it so what that
means is that the seafood or the jerky
whatever you're putting on there isn't
going to fall through so we'll put it on
there so that we don't have a problem
with it all peeling apart and coming
through the normal racks but it's real
simple and easy i like to spread it out
with and have a little space in between
them you don't want them so tight
together that they can't get a good
smoke on I mean hear that sizzle that
that rack is preheated and has a little
kind of low why do you want to put the
skin down it'll come up a lot easier
in the end it'll come up a lot easier
one thing I neglected to do on this and
that I normally do is uh I like to spray
with nonstick spray is that will
definitely come up easier but also when
you put the skin down it'll keep some of
that moisture in from the top of the
meat going down in that skin will hold
it from falling through the grade yeah
yeah so real simple and easy it's as
you'll see here in a bit this is there's
nothing like good smoked fish I'm going
to put it right in the middle of the
smoker here and on a true smoke you want
to watch your temperatures on especially
with fish on the true smoke you're
actually going to want it to be right
around probably 180 degrees if you can
do that some smokers have a hard time
getting down that low and if that's the
case just crack that door open just a
little bit and it'll actually allow you
to do that will add some some some smoke
shift because right now all this is is
an oven it's a glorified oven with there
not being any smoking there but we'll
put some chips down in here and get
those going we're using all their chips
today you like to you want to use a mild
chip with fish because it's a fish is a
mild tasting meat if you do something
like kicker in mesquite it's going to
overpower and kill you okay do such a
good thing to remember yeah do something
pretty mild any of that any of the fruit
woods cherry pecan peach apple anything
like that or tastes really really good
and we're going to add a couple cans of
beer I'll open today yeah alrighty be
careful on that first pour with that pan
being hot right now it's going to sizzle
it oh it is gonna sizzle I'll get some
steam going in there though and keep
that meat nice and more nice and moist
as you can smell the flavor you can and
that's one thing you really need to
watch when you smoke things you really
really got to watch they'll dry out
really easily so you gotta keep this
thing full even though we're putting a
couple cans in now 180 degrees you bet a
180 degrees it's going to steam off it's
going to burn off so you're going to
want to check that and replace the
moisture every once awhile to make sure
you notice the time low and slow low and
slow is the key with smokes that's
exactly it you want to keep it steady
you don't want to go 150 to 220 and keep
bouncing up and down plunger finder
temperature and stay on checking ever
hours so there's our salmon there okay
take a whoa so tender my goodness don't
don't poke it with a fork get a fall
apart on you oh that's pretty that is
beautiful